


<h1><a name="awke_meeting_24_02_08" id="awke_meeting_24_02_08">AWKE Meeting – 24/02/08</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
<strong>Opened at 15:35 – Closed at 18:15</strong>
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "AWKE Meeting – 24/02/08" [1-83] -->
<h2><a name="minutes_and_actions_from_2007_meeting" id="minutes_and_actions_from_2007_meeting">1. Minutes and Actions from 2007 Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Minutes from previous meeting were reviewed and the following issues arose.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Ben to add his details to the customer system</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Decision taken not to investigate a savings account because of the high cash turn over and because we owe money back to us.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Reminder that all need to send emails to all if they are left in the Admin email account for too long.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Ben to check that the ACTIONS mailing list is still working</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Ben to look at the NAGIOS monitoring from Bitfolk.</div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "1. Minutes and Actions from 2007 Meeting" [84-622] -->
<h2><a name="review_of_the_year" id="review_of_the_year">2. Review of the Year,</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "2. Review of the Year," [623-659] -->
<h3><a name="accounts" id="accounts">1. Accounts</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> The accounts were looked at and reviewed and a discussion had.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Simon to check float on his accounts.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Peter: To transfer £250 initial floats back to our individual accounts.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> All: Review again the amount in the accounts in the summer to decide whether any further float funds can be returned.</div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "1. Accounts" [660-996] -->
<h3><a name="customers" id="customers">2.	Customers:</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> It was considered that we had a good number of customers, although there ad been a large number of new ones via Redk, which had slowed recently. We have only lost one customer over the year which was mainly due t them not wanting the site anymore.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Peter to think about writing some idiot cards on how to do some of the basic functions like ftp.</div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "2.	Customers:" [997-1376] -->
<h3><a name="hardware" id="hardware">3.	Hardware:</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> AWKE stopped using any hardware during the course of the year. It was decided that we would keep hold of the server for the time being as it&#039;s resell value was fairly low, but the cost to replace would be much higher. This would be reviewed in the future.</div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "3.	Hardware:" [1377-1663] -->
<h3><a name="software" id="software">4.	Software:</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Nothing to really say, other than Ben to review package versions that are being run.</div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "4.	Software:" [1664-1780] -->
<h2><a name="plans_for_next_year" id="plans_for_next_year">3.	Plans for next year:</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "3.	Plans for next year:" [1781-1818] -->
<h3><a name="prices_packages" id="prices_packages">1.	Prices/Packages:</a></h3>
<div class="level3">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Reviewed the prices and packages and decided that they should remain as they are except that:</div>
</li>
</ol>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Disc Space – review as necessary</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Increase bandwidth to 3GB.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Review all this again in 12 months.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "1.	Prices/Packages:" [1819-2057] -->
<h3><a name="busienss_status_of_awke" id="busienss_status_of_awke">2.	Busienss Status of AWKE:</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
 
Discussion took place about the status and whether it should be changed. It was decided that it would remain as it was for now, but we would review the &#039;status&#039; of AWKE and whether it should be a company etc in 12 months. .

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "2.	Busienss Status of AWKE:" [2058-2321] -->
<h3><a name="free_accounts" id="free_accounts">3.	Free Accounts:</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
It was agreed that free accounts were ok, but that a proper policy should exist to help with. <em>ACTION</em>Ben to write the proposal, and rest to agree the wording.

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "3.	Free Accounts:" [2322-2511] -->
<h2><a name="aob" id="aob">AOB</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> 	Email clean up of admin account. <em>ACTION:</em> Ben: Log file emails, remove all but the last 3 months – review in future. 	Check to see whether CRON job to rename.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <em>Peter</em>: Double check Ben&#039;s domain invoice</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> US Server: Ben been doinng some work on email.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> BACKUP <acronym title="Domain Name Server">DNS</acronym>: Ben and Simon have a plan. Action on Simon.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> BACKUPS: Configs and database is currently backed up every 4 hours, once a day, once a week, once a month. Mailing list &amp; AWKE domain (except the mail dir) – request once an evening at off peak – Simon to talk to Andy. Move the databases to sync with the mailing lists everyday only. Peter &amp; Simon to investigate rycny backups via ftp to users own systems.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Paperwork: All to review the current AWKE Paperwork in terms of Terms &amp; Conditions and AUP.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Holidays: Peter &amp; Simon to let Ben know when on leave.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Purchase of software: It was agreed that if necessary we would purchase software, but it would be dependent on cost and use etc.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Expenses policy – discussed.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Accounting/Invoicing: Discussion.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Date of next meeting will be February 2009, tbc.</div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "AOB" [2512-] -->