
<p>
2009 AWKE AGM:
</p>

<p>
Agenda Items:
</p>
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Look at actions from last year</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Review of Previous Year</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> A look at accounts (financial)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Review at how the new invoice system worked</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Look at the Terms &amp; Conditions/Acceptable User Policy, make sure that the change to accounting year is included (please read in advance)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Look at the number of users</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Review the jump vps ?</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Upgrading packages on server</div>
</li>
</ol>

<p>
Minutes:
</p>

<p>
Meeting Opeed at 1901.
</p>

<p>
1. Actions from 2008.
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Peter still needs to write the basic idiot cards</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Ben continues to review the packages on the system.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Prices/Packages to be reviewed later</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Log files CRON jobs, Ben dones this.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Ben&#039;s invoice was checked</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> US server no longer available</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Backup <acronym title="Domain Name System">DNS</acronym> has been done, but there are on going issue with UKHOSTS.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Paywork review will happen later this meeting</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Backups: carry this over for further investigation. Ben to lead this piece of work.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
2. Review of Previous Year
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> The biggest thing has been the changing of the way that customers are charged and making the billing year from February.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> There are more scrupts in use which has allowed for the automation of domain reminders and invoicing. There reminders for those who haven&#039;t paid their invoices which are being sent out.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We have lost the US machine due to Bitfolk closing their US server.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> REDK decided using us for their site and encouraging their customers to use AWKE, as a result we have lost several accounts as a result.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We now have our own <acronym title="Secure Sockets Layer">SSL</acronym> certifcate for 62 months.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
3.   Financial Accounts
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> The accounts as of today are £642.13 minus the AGM expenses. This means that we have enough money to cover the hosting bill in September.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> There are £800+ money outstanding, and some issues appear to exist from customers which will require SIMON/PETER to sort out.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Update: during the course of the meeting several payments were received!</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
4. Review of how the new invoice system worked
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> On the whole the new invoice system was a success and has saved Peter a considerable amount of work.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> It should provide far accurate results in future (there were only three mistakes as opposed to the usual mistakes made by a manual process).</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Also doing the domain renewals which is providing more accurate renewals and sends the information to UKHOSTS.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Simon has requested that when there is some spare money that this should be used to help recompense him for the time taken to write the new system. It was agreed by Ben and Peter that a sum of £100.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
5. Look at number of Users:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We are losing them (see above)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Referral scheme was discussed. ACTION: Peter to further work on.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
6. Review the Jump VPS
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> This was looked and a discussion took place. The final decision is that Ben is going to talk to James (Jump) about this. There would be work to move the data about the servers and setup.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
7. Upgrading packages on server:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> 13 packagess need upgrading on the server. Need to move from old stable to new stable. Question whether it is necessary if we are going to move boxes. Discussion over what they are and what the risk is. The final decision was to only upgrade the keyring at the moment and to review packages as they go forward. Action Ben - to read documentation before doing the upgrades.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
8. Terms and Conditions/Acceptable User Policy
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> There wasn&#039;t time to go through these so they were be worked on remotely.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
9 AOB
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> PRICES &amp; PACKAGES: Get rid of secure web hosting. Free unlimited subdomains. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> PASSWORDS: It was decided that for security passwords should be changed: Kegyalgog4. Individual accounts will also be changed.</div>
</li>
</ul>
