
<p>
&lt;<acronym title="Uniform Resource Locator">URL</acronym>: <a href="https://secure.awke.co.uk/rt/rt/Ticket/Display.html?id=57" class="urlextern" title="https://secure.awke.co.uk/rt/rt/Ticket/Display.html?id=57"  rel="nofollow">https://secure.awke.co.uk/rt/rt/Ticket/Display.html?id=57</a> &gt;
</p>

<p>
On 09/07/2010 16:07, Ryan Ramstad via RT wrote:
</p>
<blockquote><div class="no">
 &gt; <br/>
 &gt; Fri Jul 09 16:07:25 2010: Request 57 was acted upon.<br/>
 &gt;  Transaction: Ticket created by phaedrus_25_@hotmail.com<br/>
 &gt;        Queue: General<br/>
 &gt;      Subject: Knighthawk Deliveries<br/>
 &gt;        Owner: Nobody<br/>
 &gt;   Requestors: phaedrus_25_@hotmail.com<br/>
 &gt;       Status: new<br/>
 &gt;  Ticket &lt;<acronym title="Uniform Resource Locator">URL</acronym>: <a href="https://secure.awke.co.uk/rt/rt/Ticket/Display.html?id=57" class="urlextern" title="https://secure.awke.co.uk/rt/rt/Ticket/Display.html?id=57"  rel="nofollow">https://secure.awke.co.uk/rt/rt/Ticket/Display.html?id=57</a> &gt;<br/>
 &gt; <br/>
 &gt; <br/>
 &gt; <br/>
 &gt; Good day, we&#039;ve been trying to re-direct our <a href="http://www.knighthawkdelivery.com" class="urlextern" title="http://www.knighthawkdelivery.com"  rel="nofollow">www.knighthawkdelivery.com</a> to our new site <a href="http://knighthawkdelivery.myshopify.com/" class="urlextern" title="http://knighthawkdelivery.myshopify.com/"  rel="nofollow">http://knighthawkdelivery.myshopify.com/</a> but we&#039;re having trouble doing so. We&#039;ve added the new site to the <acronym title="Domain Name System">DNS</acronym> but can not find the domain re-direct. Any help would be great. Thank you!<br/>
 &gt; <br/>
 &gt; Sincerely,<br/>
 &gt;                  Ryan Ramstad<br/>
 &gt; (Director)<br/>
 &gt; <a href="http://www.knighthawkdelivery.com" class="urlextern" title="http://www.knighthawkdelivery.com"  rel="nofollow">www.knighthawkdelivery.com</a><br/>
 &gt; 07821872277<br/>
 &gt; <br/>
 &gt;  		 	   		  <br/>
 &gt; <em class="u"></em><em class="u"></em><em class="u"></em><em class="u"></em><em class="u"></em><em class="u"></em><em class="u"></em><em class="u"></em><em class="u"></em><em class="u"></em><em class="u"></em><em class="u"></em><em class="u"></em><em class="u"></em><em class="u"></em><em class="u"></em>_<br/>
 &gt; <a href="http://clk.atdmt.com/UKM/go/195013117/direct/01/" class="urlextern" title="http://clk.atdmt.com/UKM/go/195013117/direct/01/"  rel="nofollow">http://clk.atdmt.com/UKM/go/195013117/direct/01/</a><br/>
 &gt; </div></blockquote>

<p>
Instructions from <a href="http://wiki.shopify.com/DNS" class="urlextern" title="http://wiki.shopify.com/DNS"  rel="nofollow">http://wiki.shopify.com/DNS</a>
</p>

<p>
OK I have done this for knighthawkdelivery.com (and added the steps
below so you can do them for yourself on the other domains)
</p>

<p>
YOU WILL NEED TO LOOK AT THE LAST STEP ( Enter the domain name(s) you&#039;ll
be using in Shopify ) as I cannot do this for you
</p>

<p>
Goto awke admin site <a href="https://secure.awke.co.uk/admin" class="urlextern" title="https://secure.awke.co.uk/admin"  rel="nofollow">https://secure.awke.co.uk/admin</a>
</p>

<p>
login
</p>

<p>
click the domain
</p>

<p>
then on the list of options click edit next to “<acronym title="Domain Name System">DNS</acronym> Record Management”
</p>

<p>
then depending upon which entry to change ( I would recommend www )
click edit
</p>

<p>
change RR [type]  from A to CNAME
change content from 212.13.216.213 to knighthawkdelivery.myshopify.com
click submit
</p>

<p>
This will change the info on our server within a couple of minutes (It
could take upto 48hrs for the rest of the internet to see it depending
upon when it cached things and propogation delays etc to finish)
</p>

<p>
There should be no need for a forwarding traffic to CNAME record.
</p>

<p>
Then the instructions on <a href="http://wiki.shopify.com/DNS" class="urlextern" title="http://wiki.shopify.com/DNS"  rel="nofollow">http://wiki.shopify.com/DNS</a> say to
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">  Enter the domain name(s) you&#039;ll be using in Shopify</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
After that is done you will now need to add shop.widgets.com or
<a href="http://www.widgets.com" class="urlextern" title="http://www.widgets.com"  rel="nofollow">www.widgets.com</a> to your claimed addresses in the <acronym title="Domain Name System">DNS</acronym> &amp; Domains area of
your Shopify admin under Preferences. All requests which make it to our
servers with the domains you claimed will be routed to your shop. If you
don&#039;t complete this step, your domain will just point to a Shopify page
claiming that it cannot find the shop you are looking for.
</p>

<p>
Click “Add a domain you already own”, Enter the host name, and click
Claim this hostname.
</p>

<p>
You may want to make that entry your Primary domain. To do this, click
“make this my primary domain”.
</p>

<p>
Once done correctly it should look like this:
</p>

<p>
Simon
</p>
