
<h1 class="sectionedit1"><a name="vpss" id="vpss">VPSs</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

</div>
<!-- EDIT1 SECTION "VPSs" [1-19] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2"><a name="thetaserver" id="thetaserver">Thetaserver</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Jump
</p>

<p>
ssh interface
</p>

<p>
ssh to awketheta@awketheta.vpsconsole.jump.net.uk
</p>

<p>
username awketheta
</p>

<p>
port 22
</p>

<p>
usual backup admin password
</p>

<p>
This allows shutdown, startup of vps, console, and using uptime can get the dom0 load average.
</p>

<p>
often left in top mode, so you can see total of data transferred &amp; disk ops since boot
</p>

<p>
Help lists commands
Console - tells you whats going on
shutdown - shuts the server down
shutdown force - only if the above doesn&#039;t work
boot - starts server again, typing console again will let you see it (hopefully) rebooting
if shutdown force doesn&#039;t work then contact James.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT2 SECTION "Thetaserver" [20-637] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit3"><a name="etaserver" id="etaserver">Etaserver</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
xenvz
</p>

<p>
web interface
</p>

<p>
goto <a href="https://clients.openitc.co.uk/account.php?act=vps" class="urlextern" title="https://clients.openitc.co.uk/account.php?act=vps"  rel="nofollow">https://clients.openitc.co.uk/account.php?act=vps</a>
</p>

<p>
email is admin email address
</p>

<p>
PASSWORD IS xl0LbsRcl3  and not usual backup admin password  NOT it appears its usual backup password
</p>

<p>
This allows shutdown, startup, forced shutdown, bandwidth usage, recovery console.
</p>

<p>
It shows current monthly bw used as well as estimated for month
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT3 SECTION "Etaserver" [638-1020] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit4"><a name="zetaserver" id="zetaserver">Zetaserver</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
virtuk
</p>

<p>
web interface
</p>

<p>
goto <a href="https://dtc.emohawk.gigatux.com/" class="urlextern" title="https://dtc.emohawk.gigatux.com/"  rel="nofollow">https://dtc.emohawk.gigatux.com/</a>
</p>

<p>
username is awkezeta
</p>

<p>
password bjp95rsfn5fd
</p>

<p>
This allows shutdown, startup, bandwidth usage and disk usage, recovery console
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT4 SECTION "Zetaserver" [1021-1233] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit5"><a name="iotaserver" id="iotaserver">IOTASERVER</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
advantage networks
</p>

<p>
goto <a href="https://cbp.speedingbits.com/billing/" class="urlextern" title="https://cbp.speedingbits.com/billing/"  rel="nofollow">https://cbp.speedingbits.com/billing/</a>
</p>

<p>
login is admin@awke.co.uk
old root passwd
</p>

<p>
This allows you to raise a support request ticket if needed, we are severely limited in how many a month should be 35 but some suggestions its more like 1.
</p>

<p>
Not very good in this respect
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT5 SECTION "IOTASERVER" [1234-1553] -->
<h1 class="sectionedit6"><a name="remote_backups" id="remote_backups">Remote Backups</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

</div>
<!-- EDIT6 SECTION "Remote Backups" [1554-1584] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit7"><a name="xsbackup" id="xsbackup">xsbackup</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
web interface
</p>

<p>
goto <a href="http://backups.awke.co.uk/" class="urlextern" title="http://backups.awke.co.uk/"  rel="nofollow">http://backups.awke.co.uk/</a>
</p>

<p>
username is awke
</p>

<p>
usual backup admin password
</p>

<p>
it lets you create users. it will show diskspace but the system is not actually limited.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT7 SECTION "xsbackup" [1585-1791] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit8"><a name="splitserver" id="splitserver">splitserver</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
web interface
</p>

<p>
goto <a href="http://backup.awke.co.uk:2082/" class="urlextern" title="http://backup.awke.co.uk:2082/"  rel="nofollow">http://backup.awke.co.uk:2082/</a>
</p>

<p>
username is satack  (Im trying to get this changed)
</p>

<p>
usual backup admin password
</p>

<p>
lets you set ftp accounts to access the areas and you can create limited ftp user access to areas.
</p>

<p>
also allows setup of cron jobs and its this that allows us to use rsnapshot.
</p>

<p>
display disk usage etc.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT8 SECTION "splitserver" [1792-] -->